- The thing I love about this job is you have to build
with the paranoia assuming the server will arrive
with no discs available to you.
You just have to like do all this loopy stuff.
And it's really fun.
It's actually just like really interesting
to engineer at the extreme edge
with those needs for paranoia.
- It's cool.
It's really cool.
(upbeat music)
- So how was the party?
Was that yesterday?
- No, it was the day before,
but like an ad hoc party started yesterday again.
The, we had guests were still here
at like 2 a.m. in the morning after the party.
It was ridiculous.
Like a DJ, we had food trucks.
It was like, just so many people showed up.
It was amazing.
It was really, really cool.
I can't wait for you to come visit sometime.
I know, you know, you're too cool for San Francisco,
but come and do an edition of it.
Just come work from the office, man.
Just kind of like, come hang out.
It's like the space for you whenever you want to be here.
It's gonna.
- No, I appreciate that.
I mean, when I saw the, yeah,
I saw you mentioned the party and I saw,
I didn't see too many pictures.
I feel like I just saw like a handful.
And I was like, man, this is one I wish that I lived in SF.
I mean, I love it.
I think it's like a beautiful city, you know?
- Yeah.
- And I absolutely like love being there,
but I just haven't been there in a while.
But yeah, it's cool, you can do this kind of thing.
- Your company is gonna rip.
And when it does, you are gonna just have to come here a lot.
Like it just becomes like, it's the hard.
That's why I love living here
is 'cause everyone comes and sees me, right?
- Yeah, it's funny you say it's good being in SF
because, you know, people are always there
and they kind of, you just have someone in town
visiting all the time that happens in Miami too,
except it's always someone here for their bachelor party.
It's like the reason I see someone.
Yeah.
My friends are in that group where they're like,
the age range where they're just finishing that up.
So I haven't, I'm like seeing less and less people now.
- Yeah.
- 'Cause they're not going to bachelor parties as much,
but yeah, it's what it's nice being in a city.
- I hated that early 30s era
where every weekend was like, my wife is in like a, yeah,
like a bridal party or whatever.
And I just had to hang around a hotel for hours just to go
to a wedding with the people I don't know.
- Yeah, I think overall escaped it for the most part.
- But yeah, baby showers next.
- Oh yeah, no, we're definitely in that zone.
But you know, I don't know if this is the case everywhere,
but at least in Miami and I guess in Latin culture,
it's only a woman thing, like the men are non,
but I've never been in a baby shower period, so.
- I have, I think.
Yeah, I think people just have any reason
to like throw a party, I guess.
And you know, in white women culture,
they're like any reason to torture the men
with you should care about these things as much as us.
And so we have to go and do those things.
- Tell us the worst, say absolutely worst.
- It's like the opposite, like I think I'm like,
it's weird to like invite men,
like they're kind of like banned from the party.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- It's just a woman thing.
- Well, as you know, half my family is India,
which is like, why would we ask the men
to like about raising the children?
I mean, they have nothing to do with this.
I mean, why?
- Yeah, that's funny.
- That's great.
We can build SaaS companies instead.
(laughing)
- So speaking of how's it, how's it feel?
I know you guys have been working on a planned scale medal
for a while.
So it probably feels amazing just to have it out.
And you've been, I can tell you've been having a,
you've been in a good mood this whole week.
- Ooh, it's been awesome.
Actually, it's been really good.
Yeah, you know when you kind of see a new world
and very few people know about it
and you just feel this constant like tension.
Like you're just so, I know you're like this too,
which is, you know, once you get this focus,
you just want to jump in and put everything into it
and anything that doesn't reflect that world
is an annoyance.
And metal's been around for like quite a while now
and we launched it very, very differently
in the sense that we did our customers first
and we were gonna, like the secret,
the behind the scenes is we were gonna be ready for reinvent
and we were gonna go and announce it in beta
and make a splash at reinvent.
And we started showing it to our customers
and they were like, well, can we move now?
I mean, yeah, we can, we can move it, it's fine,
it's durable, it's like, we test everything.
There's no, you know, there's no risk,
it's just like we would need to focus only on,
you know, kind of helping you all like migrate
and figure it out 'cause you just want to take any risk
and do it properly.
So we, you know, we'd need to do something differently.
So if all of you are willing to be part of our launch,
we'll delay this by a whole quarter.
We'll get you up into prod and then you become the launch
and everyone was like, sure, fine.
I mean, some of these are public companies, right?
They had to get approvals everywhere to go and do this
and it was the first time they'd ever done this stuff.
And it was just an awesome way.
I mean, it was like very much in the style
of what we want to do, which is push our companies forward.
Like we're, we're just a database at the end of the day,
you know, it's only magical when they're up, right?
And doing, and building their companies.
And so yeah, so it was a kind of tough three months
to kind of just try and stay chill,
know that we're gonna launch this thing
and then watch our customers be successful.
But since launching, we've just had so many inbound
like emails and people immediately just bringing
a credible, expensive Aurora workloads
and saying how much would this cost on plans go?
And it's so far every single one
is gonna save money and get faster.
So it's very exciting.
- Yeah, it's, it's funny to hear that
because I so struggle to keep anything quiet.
Like the moment, even before, like the moment I have an idea,
even before I've like actually built the thing,
I'm like already like wanting to talk about it.
So whenever I see like, you know, bigger,
it's kind of bigger companies that like plan a lot more
and like, like announce things and it takes like months.
I don't know how, how I could ever do that.
I just don't know how to discipline for it.
- No, it's hard, but it's great for what you guys do, right?
Like you just kind of ship things and it's dynamic
and it's what people love.
I mean, it's a really good thing to be that way.
If you kind of, I would say we, we still strike that balance
of not trying to be too perfect, right?
You've got to hold onto that tension
of getting out for people quickly.
But at the end of the day, especially with what we do,
no feature is worth production issues or liability issues.
And so, so we, we just, we have to be very cautious
and careful, you know?
- Yeah, that makes sense.
The, yeah, the charts I've been seeing
been really crazy, just very dramatic,
dramatic drops in the P99 charts.
- It's so fun.
Yeah, just like, and then people are might,
like we're just watching people migrate and they just,
they're like messaging us there, P99 graphs and being like,
oh yeah, this is what happened.
It's like, wow, I think this is good.
I mean, this is the theme.
Who doesn't want that?
I mean, we love, as software engineers, we love that, right?
We just love to, either graphs going up
or graphs going down dramatically,
normally means something good or terrible.
But, you know, in this sense, we're very happy.
And the P99 is the important one too.
- Yeah, it's kind of nice in cases like this,
'cause I feel like a lot of time is wasted in software,
like debating things that are more abstract or like,
we kind of over-complicate some of these discussions
and make it seem like really intricate.
But then in this situation, there's nothing to discuss.
Like number goes down, it's really straightforward.
There's nothing to debate.
Is this good?
Is this bad?
You know, none of the, the whole,
there's like no discussion around it
'cause it's just like, you know, very straightforward.
Definitely the things that are actually good
tend to be kind of straightforward in that way.
100%.
We're excited about it because it's that straightforward.
It goes down to being kind of the formula
for infrastructure startup success,
which is a kind of, whenever it's a huge shift
in cost or performance, like that's what Snowflake did.
With, ironically, the opposite strategy,
which is by separating storage and compute,
they changed that game fundamentally.
We're going in the opposite direction technically,
but that is kind of how you win
is you have this just big step change in one of those.
And then doing both is obviously very special
because before metal, although we were, as everyone knows,
like we're running these giant workloads for like,
I mean, AAA games, you know, we all play
just run, you know, using this stuff.
And it's amazing.
But it's not like the mass market
that everyone can go and benefit from, right?
Like these Aurora has just a giant base
of revenue across hundreds of thousands of customers
and that kind of are pitched to a lot of Aurora customers.
And if you read into Com's blog, you know,
it's very much describes it.
And they did actually have an initial blog post
a few months back about how they're moving off Aurora
to planet scale to tell their customers
that they're going to be more reliable
because Aurora is unreliable when it starts to grow.
And so our pitch was like, well, you know,
if you're an Aurora and it's starting to become unreliable
or you can migrate to us, we'll keep you scaling,
we'll keep you at pretty much the same performance
that you're used to for infinity,
like it just linearly will scale at that forever.
Now with metal, we're actually just saying,
yeah, if you spend $800 to $1,000 a month or more on Aurora,
yeah, you're probably going to get faster and cheaper
if you move.
That's huge.
Now we just have to get out of our own way
and make it even easier to go and do that.
And it's gonna be very good.
- Yeah, so just to get into some of the details here,
when you're deploying in AWS or any of the major clouds,
you typically will use network storage.
So this is, if you spend up a server and you need storage,
it's not attached to the server directly.
It's on separate dedicated server cluster
that does storage.
So the trade off here is just performance
'cause you're going over the network
to access other storage.
The benefit is that storage can be made redundant.
Your server workload can move around.
It's okay if they need to move it to another server,
whatever, it's not attached to the physical disk
on the server, it can access remotely.
So if you're building anything in the cloud
that needs persistence because you need redundancy,
you're pretty much forced into using CBS.
And if you look at a lot of these like newer clouds
that are like simpler,
they tend not to have the eBS offering
'cause building eBS is quite challenging.
It's a lot harder to build that than to build
like compute offering.
It's extremely hard to run stateful workloads
because they'll just do the thing
where they put your database and your storage
on the same physical server.
Your compute and storage on the same physical server.
And then when that server like runs out of space,
they got to like figure that out.
If they need to move stuff around,
now data's in one place and you compute somewhere else.
So it's very difficult to run persistent workloads
in simplified clouds.
But then if you do want to run a persistent workload,
historically the problem has been while you need redundancy.
So you have to deal with the eBS penalty.
What PlanScale Metal does is it keeps you in AWS.
You can still use all the other stuff that's there.
And if you're competing there, there's no latency penalty.
But it does not use eBS.
It actually does use instant storage
but retains a redundancy capabilities,
retains ability to move compute around.
And that's kind of the big innovation
which as many database offerings as there are,
there's not really one that retains all of this.
So it's kind of like the sweet spot
for any serious workload.
- 100%.
Yeah, that's, I mean, perfectly put basically, you know,
we, when we were back in the data center days,
your final kind of last resort for a serious issue
was a RAID controller.
Like at the end of the day, you know,
we ran in the data center at GitHub, you know,
and at the end of the day,
even if we were down for a full day
because every replica exploded, like,
and then, you know, we needed to get data back,
we could at least have hands-on machines,
moving disks and rebuilding radar arrays
to get the data back.
It'd be horrible that we wouldn't be,
but it's that final piece of safety.
You don't get that in the cloud.
Like once you terminate an instance,
an EC2 node with the instance storage,
it's gone forever.
You'll never see it again.
But with our redundancy model, that's not a problem.
And the reason it's exciting for us is
we're just buying the same machine as Amazon does.
Like they just take those exact same machines,
they build all their software services on top of it.
And so if you're on Amazon buying convenience from Amazon,
it's hard to beat them when it's at scale.
It's about cost and efficiency.
But, you know, our software engineers have run bigger database
workloads than Amazon themselves,
and some of the largest running on Amazon run on our software.
And so it gives us the opportunity to just fully bet
on ourselves.
It's the same way that we increased our SLA.
I don't know if you saw that because
we don't rely on EBS.
And, you know, it's really flexible to use EBS.
Like to, you know, we roll all of our pods every 29 days.
So every machine a parts go is less than a month old
at any point.
And EBS makes that really easy
because you just detach the volume,
spin up a new pod with the new version of MySQL.
It attaches and runs and it's just easy.
And so the only trade off of moving to metal is
we do the traditional dance of bike backup restore.
It's fine.
We've done this for millions and millions and millions of times.
It's very, very robust, but it means that we, yeah,
we get that.
And yeah, if you're starting a database company today,
you have to choose your pain.
And it's hard enough to do it one way.
So, you know, you usually end up,
people are doing it on S3 as well.
Like there's companies like TurboPuffer,
shout out to Simon and crew, phenomenal.
Like it's not an OLTB database,
but it uses S3 to its advantage to provide
like an incredibly cheap, cost efficient way
to do vector storage.
It's not, you only get a certain amount of your working set
can be like hot basically.
And they then run that on fast local machines.
And then they back it all to S3,
but running OLTP workloads on slow storage is just lunacy.
- Yeah, yeah, and that's even crazier
'cause there's like, it's even more layers than trade, yes.
There's not even like a trade of file system.
- Maybe we should talk about actually like,
'cause I'd love, you know, your explanation
will probably be way better than mine
in terms of the impact of tail lenses, right?
Like if we're doing like 200 queries a page, right?
Which some people do, right?
You know, that's not abnormal at all in a, you know,
a large web app.
One of them spiking up to 500 milliseconds of P9.
That's a failed, like a failed request worker pipe.
Like you've seen this stuff, like, you know, it just,
it's that band of consistent performance,
which is actually more important than,
than just an overall speed metric
or average like milliset latency.
- Anyone that's ever done any kind of performance work,
you, like the first thing you learn is like,
"Oh yeah, I don't give a shit about averages at all."
Because your averages always look great.
They always look fantastic.
- Yeah.
- And then you look at your, you know, P9s and things
at the edge.
And that's where all the problems are.
And when you fix things, that's where you see stuff react,
like immediately.
So, yeah, I mean, stuff goes viral online
where people just like, you know, do a couple calls.
And they're like, "Oh, here's the thing."
And it's funny, but when you're actually doing performance work,
you know, it's, it's all about the tail ones.
And when you talk about like quality of a product,
it's about feeling reliable.
And if P9s sounds like, "Oh, that's like, you know,
an edge case."
Not really because like, it multiplies across number of queries.
And like as a user, you like might hit that pretty frequently.
- Yep.
- And like feeling, like when you hit something
and it's like four out of five times,
it reacts correctly, but then the fifth time,
it's a little worse.
The users ends up feeling like the whole thing is unreliable
because sometimes it just feels off.
So, yeah, that's where all the value is.
And that's where, you know, you have to focus.
- You know, yeah, that's where you're,
you're normally your best customers are the ones
that feel those the worst, right?
Like it's they're the ones with the most data,
they're the ones with the kind of,
yeah, I remember Bootstrap, Twitter Bootstrap,
was by far the largest repo on GitHub for a long time.
And it just, someone browsing through the stars page of that
with a script would just take the website down
because it would just be pulling all of the data off
of disk and whatever.
You know, yeah, it's like, it is so important.
And that, you know, people, you know,
they think, well, you know, you're just putting the network
over, you know, networks to attach stories here.
We've done this forever, stands or whatever.
I get it, I understand, but doing every IO,
which databases are incredibly chatty.
And it's not just your queries.
The databases are doing other things
like checkpointing and check sums and replication
and managing a buffer pool.
Like they're doing so much reading and writing to disk
on your behalf to maintain all of the other things
that databases have to maintain.
They're incredibly chatty.
And to do all of that over the network
is just unbelievably costly.
And you see this in the graphs.
And you're not just like just going over a network.
You're going to three machines for redundancy.
You're going through a type of load balancer.
If you hit one node that's doing some kind of rebalancing
or traffic shaping, that's gonna slow you down.
We've seen outages and we're gonna do a blog post
about the kind of true reliability of EBS.
We've seen outages where Amazon were like,
"Oh yeah, maybe that was just like a blip."
And we were, it was more than a blip
across multiple accounts.
We deployed so many EBS volumes,
like such a massive amount that we saw,
we noticed they had like a top of rack switch issue
for one of the EBS racks.
We saw it across multiple accounts.
They first of all, to one customer,
they denied it was a problem.
And then we were like, "Well,
"three other customers as well saw the exact same thing."
So you clearly had like a service issue
and they're like, "Oh yeah, you're right."
Like we did actually.
And all of those things can just happen.
And now you think about it,
to put that in between just getting a page of data
off of your disk, it's mad.
It's actually great, like the cloud is just,
if that's the only cloud approach, luckily it's not,
then it's fundamentally wrong for databases.
Like fundamentally they're not gonna work.
- Yeah, it's funny you mentioned the,
when you have visibility and just stuff,
you do pick up on these things.
We had a similar case where,
just 'cause we see a lot of AWS customers as well.
We saw that a subset of our customers had problems with,
they were running this bug with Lambda.
Like they were both Lambda and like,
the response wouldn't be correct.
But it wasn't just one region.
It was like a subset within the region.
And it was really hard to track down.
'Cause we're like, "What is going on?
"Like we can't replicate this."
And it turned out they had like rolled something out
to just one, like a physical building
before the physical partition before the rest of the region.
And like we found the bug before,
like they realized it.
- That's cool.
- So it's funny you pick up on some of these things.
And prior to that, we also found out like a Lambda function
feature just was not working at all, like globally.
And you think someone like AWS,
like literally a million customers,
you would never be the first one to front to an issue,
but yeah, there are cases where-
- It happens.
- Where that happens, yeah.
- Well, they're now a big engineering org.
Like they've built awesome stuff,
but when you have 400 services, it's like really hard.
It's really, really, really, really hard.
Yeah, of course, it's like innovators dilemma,
purely very simple.
Like how do you just address all these things at once?
It's not easy, it's really, really not easy.
But luckily we're now in this amazing era
of lots of startups inside that ecosystem,
having a fairly constrained place to be.
It was like a debate on Twitter about this last night,
people were talking about the difference
being that we're inside Amazon with this tech,
because you could go and get, like you said,
you can just go and get these machines
from like Equinex or whoever and build on them,
but that's not the point.
You have to be next to Lambda,
you have to be next to S3,
where everyone's traffic is.
We just don't see, you can't run serious services
outside of Amazon, it just doesn't work.
And then Google second and, you know,
there's just, everyone is there
and they're using everything else.
If you're not inside, if you're like not a peer to VPC away,
and it's just way, way too slow.
Way, way, way, way, way too slow.
Yeah, there's something I was gonna bring up next,
'cause a lot of, so there's like,
the pure technical side of what you guys built,
but there's also a bunch of constraints
that aren't like really technical constraints,
it's just the realities of constraining yourself
to do this in Amazon.
'Cause obviously you can go,
that some companies that have done this,
buy hardware somewhere else.
It's probably a lot cheaper,
so like all your economics are probably different.
And you can like build something very performant
outside of Amazon, but to do it in Amazon is the trick.
And it's funny 'cause it's not like a real technical,
some of them are technical limitations,
but a lot of them are just working within what's possible
with what AWS offers.
Just like, you know, you can't just say,
"I wanna server with this size disk."
There's like limits on how much to this size can be,
like how is that core, like to CPU size, memory size.
So that probably impacts,
product decisions are in your end.
So it's funny 'cause to me,
this is like, it's obviously the case.
Like you have to do that
because your customers workloads are in AWS.
So you have to be in AWS.
That's just non-negotiable.
Very easy to build a great product outside of that.
So I think a lot of people show off great products
that are not in AWS.
I don't find that super impressive
'cause like, that's not the hard part.
Like you can't actually build a big business that way.
At the same time, I'm just like, man,
this is a crazy, it's like way too sticky for AWS.
I'm like, how do you ever compete in certain categories
with them when like, you just have to be in there, you know?
Like, it's just like a ridiculous monopoly, I feel like.
- Yeah, it's like waking up and saying,
gonna do a telecom provider or something, right?
Like it's just, it's so difficult.
It's a giant operations game now.
And there's like clear winners.
And all the other ones that are now taking parts
of Amazon's customer base are similarly just massive businesses
that can light money on fire for a long, long period of time
to go and grind out doing it.
- Yeah, it's really hard.
I mean, until you've spent significant amounts of time
using Amazon's VPC reachability analyzer,
you're not there yet.
You've like, once you're in that hell,
you know you're like trying to build things of significance.
And yeah, like, you're just completely right.
It has to be inside where those workloads are.
And the constraints are crazy.
Yeah, I mean, it's all of these little things,
all of the little networking bits.
The fact that one physical availability zone
is not the same for everyone's account.
People don't realize that, you know?
And so you end up getting strung up
and stuck in all of these different places.
It's complicated, it's extremely, extremely complicated.
- Yeah, just funny, like when you're working on this stuff,
you just see underneath the abstraction where like,
it just feels like, for most people, it feels like,
it was just like one big computer
that you just put stuff on.
But then when you work on this stuff more directly,
it just, that fades away and you're back to buildings
and like physical racks and all those problems.
- We give them hell, obviously, like everyone does.
They're kind of our competition,
but they're also our partners.
And they are amazing with us in terms of their openness.
You know, like when we get on a call with the engineering team,
they are customer obsessed, they truly are.
You've seen this too, right?
Like, their engineers are curious.
They will get on and they love that you find these problems.
And you know, we're having fun with the EC2 team
'cause now they're like, yes, more giant databases
to run on our stuff directly.
That's cool, you know, it's really fun.
But yeah, like you actually said,
like you know, the long tail of shipping metal was,
okay, do the really hard bit, which is
how do you run petabytes of data reliably
without losing data on machines
that can just explode and disappear?
The long tail is making that really reliable
and all of a rough edge is gone.
So for example, you know, EBS, the great thing about EBS
is you can take like a Pico node, like a quarter of a V CPU
and attach an 80 terabyte volume to it.
You couldn't do anything obviously with it,
but it's that flexible.
That's one amazing thing about it.
We don't need that for LTP, but you know,
we need people to upsize, right?
People actually have to like say
they want to make their machines bigger.
So we have stuff that nags you.
You are 80% of your storage.
And you can just like, we'll make it so you can just turn
this on and it will scale automatically.
But not everyone wants that, right?
People don't, auto scaling is, that's another giant myth,
but you know that we could go hours into the auto scale.
It's works for certain things.
For other things, it's an absolute disaster.
And most people when you actually ask them
what they're asking for, it's not,
it's not really how auto scaling works
or is implemented.
But anyway, so we have to, and there's things like,
okay, you're going to do a schema change.
Well, if you actually apply this schema change,
it's going to fill up that box.
So we have to kind of warn you
that you need to upgrade before you go and do it.
It's all those kind of just little UX pieces
that make it approachable and usable
that takes the time in terms of building
these kind of products out.
And yeah, you're dealing with weird.
There's this kind of, when you look at these nodes,
the SKUs are really all over the place.
You wonder like, which customer did you add
this custom machine type for?
It's like, for $10 more, we can have double the memory.
You know, things like this.
- Yeah, exactly, yeah, it's like,
it's so much of the work is just not the programming part.
It's like just looking at the numbers
and like understanding all the economics of this stuff.
And the way that they correlate, like they attach,
'cause you're using instant storage,
but you can't say, I want 500 gigs instant storage.
You pick an instance that has some kind of CPU
and RAM combination and it comes with
some fixed amount of storage.
And like, to me, those numbers are just so random.
It's like, well, I want a lot of storage,
but I don't need like 64 cores, so.
- Yes.
- Yeah, that's just a funny problem.
- It is funny.
And so, yeah, those are the kind of things
where we've had to kind of figure it out
and kind of work out the SKU,
like just the word SKU is like a meme here now,
because the kind of just dealing
with all of these various things.
We also had a really fun issue with these nodes,
which was they fail too, and they have issues,
and they can come up with unmounted disks.
And so we had an issue where they were just coming up
and not being fit to serve.
So we've had to build something
where Amazon will give us a machine that's not good.
And what we would do is like, we'd throw it back.
We'd just go, no, get us another one.
We get the same machine back sometimes.
It's like, oh, that's still broken.
So now we've got this logic where,
and we've seen it chain like two or three in a row.
If you give us one that doesn't work,
we hold it until we get given another one.
- Oh, I see.
- So we have this kind of on this pooling logic
where we will just keep the nodes
until we have no more node demand,
and then we'll let Amazon have all the bad ones back
to give to everyone else.
And you're just like finding this stuff out
while running it live.
And with the amount of machines we've deployed,
that one in a million failures happen a lot,
and you get to find all these little edge cases
and some weirdnesses, and people don't build with you.
Like the thing I love about this job
is you have to build with the paranoia
assuming the server will arrive
with no disks available to you.
You just have to like do all this loopy stuff.
And it's really fun.
It's actually just like really interesting
to kind of how to engineer at the extreme edge
with those kind of needs for paranoia.
It's cool, it's really cool.
- Yeah, it's really fascinating to me
'cause I know like where my skill set is,
delivering reliable services is just not just aligned
with where like my abilities are.
Like I just don't have a discipline for that.
I'm just way too, I don't know.
It just hasn't been my trajectory.
So hearing this stuff is interesting.
And to me, I'm just like, how do you even go about this?
Like you build something and you think it works,
but how do you know that like some random undiscovered
thing isn't gonna happen, you know, a month from now?
- Yeah, and you have to decide on an architecture
that you believe in, and then very simple ways to fail
that don't rely on people.
And by the way, a lot of database companies,
they don't have the skill set of running services.
They can do the database engine stuff,
which is incredibly hard and takes like
a certain type of cracked person.
You need the other type of cracked person,
which can run huge services at scale.
Most companies don't have the two.
That's the one thing that's very different
about plant scales, we have both.
We have people that run mega websites
and the deep kind of database core fundamentals of,
you know, passes and query planners
and all the storage engines and all that stuff.
One philosophy that we have,
which I think is kind of really amazing,
is because of a shared nothing architecture.
We're gonna talk about shared nothing a lot more
in the future because it's an architecture
that people don't really understand.
It doesn't come up much and it's really truly the ideal
and state for building these kind of systems at scale.
But essentially, you know, you can't build a reliable service
unless it doesn't rely humans to wake up
because you pay someone at 2 a.m. in the morning,
it's minimum of 15 minutes.
Well, that's your SLA, just explode it anyway, right?
You know, it's gone.
And even if they do have to intervene,
what options can you really give them
when they have to come up to speed and figure out?
So essentially at plant scale,
all of our architecture is designed
to kind of just have one solution to everything,
just kill notes, kill the timing of that shard,
just kill it, just get rid of it.
Like, it's the 99.9% fix for everything of like,
why cat or not pets or whatever?
Like, why, it's not kind of trying to understand
this node's feelings, just shoot it,
never think about it again.
And that's literally it.
Like, and Vitez just has handled failure this way,
hundreds of millions of times.
It just knows, okay, that node is gone.
How do I get the cluster back online and quickly,
quickly into a kind of healthy state?
It just runs that same, like, well worn code path
to go and do that.
And it makes building things reliably a lot easier.
It's hard to do that, but it's,
with a mental model is one thing,
get, like, kill the failing node.
And every, we've never, touch word,
we've never caused a global outage for any customer.
The worst you can have is like,
a minute of a shard being unavailable,
which is partial failure, it's fine.
No one, the other reason people build unreliable services
is 'cause they strive for, like, perfect records, no bugs.
Like, that's crazy.
Like, you have to embrace failure,
'cause it will definitely happen.
But yeah, the resolve is always just kind of,
you murder the node and bring it back
and it becomes partial and it makes the mental model
so much easier.
And it goes back to, again,
separating storage and compute.
Because of the shared nothing architecture,
our nodes have their own truly, like,
I guess full stack if you think about it.
They have their own disk,
they have their own memory, own CPU, own copy of the data,
replicated from elsewhere.
They share nothing with the others.
These kind of shared storage layer compute stuff,
like Aurora and whatever, they share way more.
So, like, a single outage,
any one of those layers of the stack
is a full and total...
- That's everything. - Yeah, exactly.
- Yeah.
It's funny how good that solution of just restarting,
like killing and restarting is.
I was mentioned on Twitter a couple of weeks ago,
I've been moving a workload from Lambda to a container.
And I'm just discovering, like,
so many bugs that I just never bothered handling
'cause my, with Lambda, it's effectively rebooting,
like every 15 minutes or so.
And now that I have this long-running service,
I'm just like, oh, great.
I like didn't dispose of these things
in like a hundred different places
and I gotta go, go chase it down.
And yeah, on one hand,
I probably should have just had better discipline about it.
I mean, any discipline I had around it is just deteriorated
ever since I moved to doing stuff on Lambda.
But, like, you know, it works.
Like, it works really effectively.
- Who cares?
It works.
GitHub and so many other companies back in the other days,
we used to, over Christmas,
we would always have some outage due to a memory leak
because we'd stopped deploying the website.
And so, the conversions of the app were just living
for like weeks longer and we're just,
there was memory leaks everywhere.
Like, just frequent deploys kind of covers up
some of these things.
It's fine.
Like, who gives a shit?
Like, it's gonna fail.
It's like definitely gonna fail.
Like, like, embrace that.
Just know it will and do the right thing.
I was gonna talk about this, you know,
blog post about magic 'cause I think we all,
we all wanna build things that are kind of fun and delightful
and everyone likes their shiny web pages and whatever.
But, at the end of the day, you know,
the magical experiences are that, you know,
getting home to your family safely at Christmas, right?
On an aeroplane.
And it's more like building an airline
than it is anything else.
You know, all day long, while we're talking,
just up and down, up and down, seven, three, sevens,
or whatever, going up into the air, coming down,
they can be repaired at any airport on earth
by a crew of people on a shift that are just managed,
like through engineering firms or whatever,
they fail in the most predictable ways.
The most regular failing parts are cashed
at every airport in the country.
Like, how many times do you just get that kind of half an hour,
20-minute delay while they fix something up
and just get you going?
And you're not unsettling, you're safe,
you're gonna be okay.
Like, those planes don't even turn off.
Like, a seven, three, seven will land
and we'll just like, sit there on, go back in the air.
They'll do 10 flights a day, it's just so reliable.
People need to think of themselves as building that
and how that works, like how the food gets on,
how the food comes up.
Like, that is the real process of building this stuff.
Not, and it's just hope it doesn't fail
and make it really pretty, you know?
- It's just not gonna cut it.
- Yeah, yeah.
I think a lot of parts in life,
it's making things invisible is the value
and it's so hard just to have something
that's there that people aren't thinking about.
Whether it's tech or like, just anything in society in general,
I feel like people really accomplish something
when they've solved a problem, totally invisibly,
and knowing everything's about it.
- It's beautiful, it's really beautiful.
- So, moving away from the technical stuff,
so it's been a year, I think you said,
since you guys look like a big shift a year ago
from being, maybe you just wanna describe it yourself.
- Around a year ago, I think at the anniversary was last week,
we let go of a big chunk of the company
and doubled down on being pretty much purely
an engineering company.
It was a reaction to multiple things.
We were kind of in, we were playing in multiple ends
of the database market and we felt this like real strong pull
at the top end of the database market, and the bottom end
was just a painful mess basically of cloud spend
and people that don't have real problems.
And the thing about the tech discourse
of how can you use Twitter is you've quickly realized,
I know you know this, which is,
most people don't have real problems,
like that's just truthfully like,
sure fucking per SQLite on server,
like who cares, like your two users won't notice,
like it just doesn't matter,
like you got argue with people about postgres or whatever,
and you just realize they just don't,
if they just don't see the world the way you see the world,
right, like they just, whatever they choose,
it's gonna work and it has and it's their lived experience
and they feel great about it and they don't pick technologies
for the traits that we pick technologies,
and that's fine, it's completely, there's no hate there.
But when you're trying to kind of be in that area
of the market and you're spending so much money
on having like a free tier that will just not convert,
you have to have marketing people
that do that kind of media that works for it.
And it's just expensive and it's not optimized.
And you know, we saw a path to being a profitable company,
which one is just incredibly powerful,
like we threw this huge party at the office
and you know, we have a lovely office now
and we, you know, pay the mortgages of all of our staff
and it's like our money, it just goes into the bank.
We're not just, you know, hype round, VC hype rounds,
hopes and dreams, just spraying money up the wall
while we just, every customer costs,
like if a customer costs you more money,
you're just reducing your burn constantly
and we're now the opposite.
If you write, if you're a $39 a month customer with us,
you get like, and you have a problem,
you get a thoughtful reply from our amazing support team
because you are a customer.
We make money from you, it's amazing.
We had an opportunity to do that, so we did it.
It was really painful, you know,
I definitely would have done things slightly differently,
but in the long run, it was an incredibly powerful change
for the company because it focused us
and gave us the autonomy to do things.
Like this launch, the way we did it,
we just, if you were, you know, a VC backed company
with 18 months of runway, you would just go to reinvent
with your beta product just so you had to build pipe,
just more pipeline, more pipeline.
Like you have to just go and ape it out there
and shout about it out of desperation
because you don't have long enough left.
We were like, oh, wow, yeah, actually just launching it
with some of the major biggest tech brands around,
already running on it, on their blogs.
That's an obviously better launch.
Well, we're not going out of business,
so we can just do that.
Do you realize like when your daily decisions are made
from a place of strength and not fear,
how that compounds, like it just,
we make decisions every single day
that you can only make when you're profitable.
Like, and so, although, again,
I miss the people that aren't here,
like there's some amazing people
that don't work a plant scale anymore.
It was like the best thing we could do
and it gave us this year to go and build metal
and we've done it and it's, you know,
it's already just changing the company, like immediately.
It was the right thing to do.
And it was just a very different thing
than we are used to in tech.
And when you're building a deep infrastructure startup,
you just need time, like it's just time.
You just, like, you know, we've got a customer,
I think there's a couple of million a year, I think, now.
I first showed them the product in beta,
like it was barely real.
And they're like, "Cool, this is great."
Four years later, they eventually became a customer.
(laughing)
They're just not gonna...
- Yeah.
- No one, there's no alpha in just like,
"Yeah, we just yeeted our data over to a startup
"and now the business is finished."
But like, you know, like, it's like,
they had cool features, you know,
the website was shiny, just doesn't work.
Like, our sales stance is so funny.
You know, we're working with it at the moment.
It's really a very large public company, very famous.
And I was talking to the CTO.
And it was, you know, me and one of our sales engineers,
and he was like, "Google sent 18 people
"to try and sell a spanner and you're here on your own."
And I said, "Well, I mean, let's be honest, like you,"
and then I said, "The name of the company,
"is anything other than like a technical proof of concept
"where we prove to you we can do this,
"I'm just gonna convince you, like, do you need slides
"and an interpretive dance done in front of you?
"Like, you just need to know we can do it
"and you have your own requirements,
"unless you see it for yourself, you're not gonna buy it."
That's us now, we fully embrace that, which is,
look at the website, it's just,
we just tell you what we do.
We don't want to hype it up, it's like,
if you have problems that fit our solution
and you're serious about those,
you just will read it and try it and it will work.
We kind of opted out of all that other crazy stuff.
- Yeah, that's super interesting.
I mean, I have a bunch of things to ask you there,
but on that last thing, do you ever,
and maybe this happens less now,
but the thing you mentioned was,
you guys did things differently.
'Cause yeah, there's a center playbook, right,
with certain things, right?
Like you said, a bunch of companies
building products for developers do this standard playbook
of like investing a ton of marketing on like the lower end
and all these orgs look exactly the same,
they're all producing the exact same stuff.
But then also on the enterprise side,
the way you build organizations to sell enterprises,
also like a standard playbook there,
did you have people telling you to like,
are pushing to like follow those standard things?
And like, what does that look like?
And like, is it annoying?
- Yeah, I mean, you do get it.
People do question it, they wander,
and I just like don't care what anyone else says.
At the end of the day, I spend my life on this thing, right?
I'm only gonna do it my way.
That's it.
Like at the end of the day, if we fail,
the person like turning the lights off
at the office for the last time is me.
And so I'm only gonna do it the way that makes sense to me.
And I'm like an odd, weird person.
I figured that out right now, like I'm just very weird.
I mean, I just have my things I wanna do
and they either work or they don't,
but I can't be anyone but me.
And I can't, I'm not gonna get like a 42 long blazer
and go and kind of for the briefcase and do like--
- Well, they tell you to hire someone that does that, right?
That's kind of what the standard playbook is.
Like, oh, you gotta hire this guy.
He was, you know, CRO at this company.
And you know, he took them from XX.
You have to hire him, put him on your team.
And like, so he can run that same playbook again.
And that's usually how I see it.
It's like the investors or whatever will suggest to hire
and that kind of fundamentally changes
what the company is.
And that's why they kind of all end up looking kind of the same.
- Yeah.
And very few of those people have ever sold databases
or really tough technical, deep technical stuff.
There's some types of product
where only the go-to-market function is multiple work.
- Right.
- Yeah.
- The technical, like the technical standard
can be achieved for those types of products very quickly.
Why is Ramp bigger than any of the others that started?
Like, why?
They just, they're a credit card issuer, right?
Like they, you know, why?
It's so funny you bring up Ramp
because I have a friend that just gets free lunches
from them all the time and just never,
'cause they're just always hitting them up.
Like every month they're like, let me take you out the lunch,
let me take you out the lunch, you know?
He just does it and he just never tends to be a customer.
- But they're a go-to-market machine.
Like look at amazing companies like Ripley, right?
Which is like, they have some like hard tech problems now
because they're scaling.
But at the very beginning,
it was just a phenomenal brute force product team
that would just like understand everything a customer wants,
build it, ship it, make it happen.
You need, you would need these types of people
to build those types of companies.
- Yeah.
- Databases just like don't work that way.
They just, they can't work that way.
Like our core audience like backend engineers
with hard problems, it just doesn't work.
And you know, we will build out the sales
and we will build these things out.
And we have to build, like Mongo has one
of the best sales team ever built in tech.
Like legendary, they wrote the book.
They still needed to do that
to build a big database business.
You have to, but the marketing paradigms shift over time
and what worked 10 years, like it's always that classic
of like, yeah, like this person's there.
You know, and they were at Twilio
and they did this thing.
Twilio nailed developer marketing for that generation.
The ask your developer billboard is legendary.
They crushed it.
We've moved on, we've gone past it.
Like we're elsewhere now.
- Yeah.
- And I think now it's going to go back
to simplicity and value like, and we're seeing that.
Right now, I love AI.
I'm not cynical about AI at all.
I love it, but you know, there's a lot of AI
slop content being made and it's just like rubbish.
So we're now doing a spending a month per blog post
and we're going one going out while we're talking right now.
Like high quality, really good stuff.
It's what it takes now to cut above.
Like you've seen, you've been to reinvented.
You've seen the hundreds of millions of dollars
of marketing spend just being screeched to each other.
You just have to do something to cut through.
And that's why we do it our way.
And if you have taste, it is such a moat.
Like our website started in a Google doc.
We just designed it in a Google doc with words.
Holly did a thread about this last week talking all about it.
And people, some people were like,
my God, this is genius when we shipped it.
Other people were just so confused.
They were like, this company's gone nuts.
They're going to go crazy.
I don't know why when I said we were going to do this,
everyone at the company was like, yeah, let's do that.
That seems like a good idea.
I don't know why.
That's just taste.
When you saw it, you were like, oh, I love this.
I don't know why you love this.
I don't know.
It's like the first thing I've thought of.
I don't understand why I like it and other people do.
And some people hate it.
I just don't get it.
But if you do have that, no.
And we've had it with other things,
like the other database branching,
we invented that, all of these different things.
If you have that, use it.
Don't-- you just see so many companies go wrong
by having all of this taste, this initial thing that
made them then, them.
And they're like, OK, so we've got this unique thing that's
growing.
We've got this advantage, this completely unique viewpoint
on the world.
So let's go and do what?
Every other company does now.
Let's just throw all that away.
And VCs are some of the worst for this.
They're like, are we back contrarians?
And we want the-- and then my friends are the companies.
They'll phone me and be like, yes,
my board is telling us like, it's now enterprise sales.
Go to market demand, Jen.
And way too early.
And it's just like pattern matching and running the playbook.
It just--
Yeah.
No great company was built that way.
Yeah, it's the thing you talk about where
there's a time where things work and it doesn't work anymore.
I mean, that's like marketing for sure.
But across business in general, I think people
look at great companies and they try to copy the surface
thing there.
But the thing that people forget is,
when those companies were founded,
they didn't look like anything like the great companies
of their time.
Like they did the office.
So if you're doing that today, innately,
you're not doing what they did.
And the marketing thing is funny because the only
that matters in marketing is that people
want to hear what you're saying.
And it's so much like fashion in that some approach to that
will be novel for a while.
But it so quickly becomes like a counter signal almost,
like the whole--
I mean, talking about landing pages,
like linear did their crazy landing page.
And for a while, that was like really great.
But now when I see one of those,
I get like a negative reaction.
Because somewhere in the back of my head,
I'm just like, I know they hired some standard design agency.
They threw them 200k and they didn't think at all.
And we're just like, I want a clone of this.
And without me constantly thinking that stuff,
I just equate it with low quality.
So yeah, it's exactly like fashion.
And it's not irrational, like the whole point is novelty
and like, you know, standing out.
And especially-- and even at your guys' stage,
like, you've got to figure out how to make your dollars go
further than they should if you are buying attention
for 100k, a company with 10x, the money is you--
we'll just do that at 10x.
So yeah, this is the thing with marketing
where I'm like, I don't know why people don't see that.
And the flip side is, it's actually really fun
when you set the constraint of, we need to do stuff
that nobody else has done before.
Like, we need to do things that are like so different
from everybody else.
We need to do things where when people see it,
they're going to like, grab it and like,
share it with their friends at work, right?
If you set that constraint, it's really hard.
Because like, you know, 99% ideas don't pass that bar.
But it's so fun because that's like,
it's like your creative size that I feel like most people
should love.
And it's so exciting when you like stumble on something
and you're hyped to get it out.
It's kind of scary as well because you have to just,
you spend half the time being, you know, it's so funny.
You're like, why is no one else doing,
is this so, am I just so, am I like,
just not getting this, you know, and then you do it.
And then, you know, it works.
You're like, oh, maybe I should try another thing.
You know, just like, we always joke,
we're a tiny marketing team, but we always joke,
like the biggest challenge is that we'll try anything.
I'll try anything once.
I just like, I'll just do anything.
So that's more open ended and scary than anything.
'Cause, you know, you just have to go and do that now.
Like what can, like what's the highest agency thing
you can go and do and just do it?
Don't pattern match.
Don't listen, don't care.
We're the only people not building a separated storage
computer architecture.
Like we're the only people not building it for years.
And the VCs would just go, oh, I mean, snowflake,
it worked for snowflake, you know.
And they're just like pattern matching and I'm just like,
databases don't work that way.
And they just look at you like, oh, yeah,
you're one of those, you're just the only one.
(laughing)
And then you do this stuff.
And but we spent four years being told, like, you know,
there's another well known storage,
separated storage computer database company.
And they kind of came onto the market with like,
loads of hype and you know, someone messaged me.
I was like, oh, you know, what, you know,
what you think about this?
And I said, you could give me a magic wand right now
and to wave that would immediately instantly switch
plants scale to that architecture right now.
And I would throw it in the trash.
I would never do this.
I would never.
And they look at you like, wow, that just,
you just sound better.
And they're like, I'm sure I did to them.
But like, where are we now?
You know, like you just like, you just have to,
you just have to feel insane for years and years
and years on end and just prove it out.
I also think, by the way, when it comes to this marketing
stuff, generationally, we're in a different world.
Thanks to kind of the rails community.
Thanks to the node community.
You know, I'm old now.
I'm 38 years old.
When I was at GitHub, I was 32.
I had a hundred million dollar budget
that we had for data centers and software and whatever.
I grew up in the Ruby world.
Like the tools I used were beautiful and good, right?
Like, you know, the 2013 kind of tech era
when I was an engineer, you were using Heroku.
You were using rails.
You were using all of these really well-crafted GitHub.
I mean, the wand, right?
Like these well-crafted, beautiful tools.
Like what did GitHub do different to source for?
I mean, nothing.
Like, except be usable and resonate to a generation.
All those people who grew up on that software
are now VPs at big companies
and don't want to buy crappy, shitty software
and don't care about the hardware.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, they just don't care.
It means nothing to them.
It just, it's just like, the sad thing about AI
and I love AI and like an O1 Pro subscriber.
I love that thing, like, you know, it's amazing.
The thing that ruins AI every time is the gap
between the hype and the reality
because the reality is good.
The reality is actually amazing.
Paired with the hype, it's ruined.
I can't watch movies.
I just don't watch movies.
People laugh at a joke at me all the time.
I saw The Matrix the first time I ever lost here.
I thought it was terrible.
I don't know what anyone was like.
Anyway, but like, I can't because the hype kills it for me.
Like it just, you just, it's everywhere.
And then it just cannot possibly be as good
as everyone is saying and it ruins it.
And the times where I kind of just nakedly use AI
for the things it's good at,
it's just unbelievably magical.
The day I wake up wishing that my Siri
would like rearrange my life and do everything for me,
I'm very disappointed.
Yeah.
And I think we're at the beginning
and I hope PlanetScale kind of shows
that we're putting skin in the game
is that I think we're in the post-hype era.
I think everyone's dopamine receptors
have been worn down to just a nub.
And I just think someone wants something that's good.
And there's a pull request of 64 versions
of my launch post for Metal.
Because I wanted it to have as few words as part.
It was like, you know what's like coding golf
or whatever you just try and get it out.
It was just like, and I sent it to one of my dearest friends
in the world, Ted Nyman.
Shout out to Ted.
He's got an amazing company called Case that he's building.
An incredible writer and I just kept sending it to him
and like, I just couldn't get it where I wanted it
to be because I just wanted it to be--
I wanted it to convey what's special
because you only get this tiny amount of airtime.
But I didn't want to indulge in anything
other than, here's a customer.
Don't-- like, what's the news flash for most companies?
Company says, own product is amazing.
OK, good, thank you.
That's great.
Good job, you guys.
Confidence is important.
But I just wanted to be like, don't ask us.
Who gives a shit like it's a database?
It's like, go to Cash App, go and look at their public filings
of that company, the things we know about how incredible
that company is.
It's in like Kendrick Lamar songs and Super Bowl ads.
And that's the cool bit.
That's the actual cool bit, right?
And not the kind of semi-synch replication.
And so that's why-- and I think now, I think,
so I hope we're at the beginning of this post-hype era
of what you actually doing.
And I think it becomes the Billboard ads shot on iPhone.
They're the most self-aware, amazing ads.
You look at a Google ad for a Pixel,
and it's like, how many megapixels are we at?
I don't know how many megapixels the iPhone camera is.
I buy the new iPhone every single year.
But it doesn't matter.
They are so self-aware.
Like, Google just give you a load of tech specs.
Of course, they do, it's Google.
Apple just say, here's a picture of a yurt
that someone took.
Like, that person is exploring the word and is cool.
And we're getting out of the way so they can do it.
Shot on iPhone.
It's that awareness, I think.
And I think that's hopefully where we're getting in tech,
which is we've gone through this massive amount of hype.
And physics have not changed.
The rules of software have barely changed.
Present them simply.
Spend your time building something good.
And people will like it or they won't like it.
That's all that matters.
Yeah, I mean, I hope you're right because the thing that is tough
is especially with like, when you're early in a space
or trying to figure something out where things are going,
like AI, for example, the problem with that approach
is it just creates so much noise.
And to like have any kind of clarity, it's so much,
like so much of my time, it just spent like thinking so hard
about these things and like trying to filter out
like what is definitely just some person's personal insecurity
and manifesting as like some serious seeming opinion
on something versus like, what's actually real?
It is just really tiring.
And I was thinking about this today.
With all this, again, I'm very pro AI just like you are.
I try to use it as much as possible.
I'm not one of these people that are like against it.
But there's so much talk about I just
built like the craziest thing without any effort, whatever.
And there's so much discussion around this.
And I keep thinking about the products I use.
And I'm like, I use like five products
and I haven't used a new one in like a long time.
If there's all this stuff being built,
how come one of you has not built something
that I like love, right?
It's like not showing up in the place that matters.
And I felt a way about tech for a while
where I feel like we're just obsessed with these demos.
Like here's a little demo of something
whereas I'm kind of like what you guys are with this launch.
It's like, oh, this thing has been in production.
Look at this thing we've actually built.
Now we're going to talk about it.
That's so much better.
I think outside of it being just better for people,
like, you know, it has more value.
It's just a much better filter for yourself.
Like if you're trying to like show something to the world,
like just wait till you actually built something cool
with it because that'll just kind of filter out
a bunch of things that you're just going to waste
your time on.
So we definitely try to make sure, like I said,
even though I said that I get really excited
to let it show stuff off,
I make sure that I like put it into production,
use it for something real and know that it's actually useful
before I talk about it.
But again, like it's just not it.
Like every single company in DevTools, whatever,
they just put together like a stupid demo
of a product that no one's going to use to show off
some feature they kind of made up.
- I think what's key that you understand
'cause I think people couldn't miss into what you said
of conflating shipping slowly with like,
take being deliberate and getting it right,
you can iterate.
You just have to like, one of my favorite engineers
at the company is a guy called Mike Kudomash.
Mike just spent his day talking people out of scope.
He's like, well, actually, why don't we just do less?
Like let me just like, what's the kind of minimum thing
that proves it out?
And there's a great, you can, for her who's listening,
I can go Google, there's a Spotify had a slide
in a talk years ago that was like iteration.
And it was like, you know, a job is like,
get to the shops or whatever.
Sad person waiting for a car to get built
versus skateboard scooter, bike.
Like it just gets better daily.
And you can still go back and forth.
Like, yeah, for a while, you're trying to skateboard
with shopping bags, I kind of imagine how that's like,
but you know, but at least you're doing something.
There's this minimum functionality.
You can ship stuff daily that is consequential
towards something big if you're very clever
and selective about how you iterate and build
and kind of your tooling backs the ability to do it.
And I think people think, well, it's either like
waterfall ship every six months, this perfect thing,
or ship garbage and hype it up every day.
And it's neither actually.
It's this kind of middle ground of like pace and learning
and sensibly defining incremental progress on,
you know, like the eye, the evolution of the eye, right?
Like an eye did not appear, but some light sensing kind of,
you know-- - Yeah, it was so useful on day one.
- Yeah, exactly, just sensing shadows or whatever.
With no one else, no other thing could.
I mean, so, so much, so powerful.
And yeah, like we don't have point in time recovery
for like externally for users yet, right?
Like we can do it for you, but you know,
it's just not wrapped up well.
We know we need to ship that.
We just, big customers don't need it.
It's not something people do, it's massive scale.
You know, mid-market people want it.
We know we don't have it, right?
So like could a delayed medal or just ship medal
and now work on that next?
And you just go through it
and you just kind of grind it out and you make it happen.
I will say one more thing about hype though.
Like I am in your audience.
Like I think in the world of AI, trust and credibility
is gonna be essential.
That I sense, I think that's like why we blog the way we do
is like we wanna like educate people
and really speak from a place of authority.
Like when you say you like something, I trust it
because you are selective and because you say
you don't like things and you don't just kind of hype it up
and that means I'm an actual member of like your audience.
I wanna hear what you are thinking about
and because of that credibility and trust
and people ruin it so quickly by helping out.
There's other YouTubers
that I know are very good engineers.
I know they are, but for money,
they lie about the technologies they use.
Like that's bad, that is bad.
We are in that era of tech now where the grift is on
and they know better.
They literally know better in an exchange for money
and I mean it's the same as what we watch for crypto.
Like all of the VCs that quietly shuffled off their kind of
NFT profile pictures and are now hyping up AI.
It's like you can't trust these people.
They just believe in everything.
That's selectivity and taste and building your audience
on truth, like I don't really have much of a following
on Twitter or whatever.
'Cause I like, I just tweet what is actually true
about databases, tiny town of people that give a shit
about that but like, I mean, who cares?
Like why change, why risk it?
So I think it's like holding on to being genuine
and there's very few tech media.
I told you I listened to this podcast every week
because it's like a real thing.
And it just feels like we're in this desert
of genuine good content about tech.
And hopefully that will change as time goes on
and we will grow.
- Yeah, it's funny 'cause like I think when people hear
like the word negative be genuine,
kind of what you're describing, like from my perspective,
it's actually a purely selfish exercise
because you talk about, you know, like,
if you're a YouTuber, a way to fund what you're doing
is to take sponsorships and do XYZ things.
And for me, if I was ever in that position,
the reason I wouldn't do those deals
isn't because of like any kind of like moral thing.
I just find it impossible for me to think clearly
the moment I have and it's like so naive to think that
I'm still gonna be objective even though I'm getting money.
I 100% believe you want to.
I have 100% believe you really care about that.
But having clarity, the moment you have that,
it's so, so, so, so difficult.
And to me, like that clarity is more important than anything.
And I even go like me and you have a personal relationship.
Like we like each other.
Even that affects my clarity, right?
Like I wanna see planet scale people.
I wanna like what you guys are doing.
So I'm just like hyper aware of how easily you can kind of
get caught up in this stuff.
So then when I see people like hyping stuff up,
my first thought is it's not really about like,
oh, they're like confusing people.
It's like they're confusing themselves.
Like you're not gonna reach the right destination
if you're confusing yourself to that degree.
- 100% and that's the kind of crux of all of it,
which is that genuine just knowing where you came from
and what your like values are
and just holding that like in the center
and it's really hard and it's really difficult.
- Yeah, it's really, really tough.
Like truly, truly, truly tough.
It goes back to the marketing,
goes back to like all of the advice
and standard playbooks that people give you.
- What's it worth?
Like people, you know, I had, you know,
as a favor to a friend of mine who is an investor,
they had like three young kids that, you know,
they're like 19 and 20 going into college.
They're interning at great companies here
and they asked like, can I get a dinner with them?
So I went to dinner and they show up like eager with advice
and I said, I have zero advice for you.
- No, I've had less advice to hold over your garden.
- Correct.
When I was your age, I was sleeping on my friend's floor
and I ate rice for an entire week
'cause I'd spent all of my money trying to like set up punctures.
That's literally all I would do.
I was an idiot at your age.
Like you were doing way better than I was.
And then all I, like I said, the only advice I have for you
is in your twenties, never say no to going out once.
You're never gonna get those Friday nights
where you're like, ah, these are infinite, they're not.
Like I am old and I get hangovers now.
Right, that's the only advice I had for them.
I was like, what would I know?
I don't know your generation.
You look at me like until recently
I was wearing low-cut socks.
That's apparently how they all know we're old.
I got some new one.
I got the bomb, the bomb was long ones now, which is nice.
But the point is, it's like, why would you care?
Why would you give a shit?
Like, do you know what I mean?
Like, I see a doctor more, I'm not sick or anything,
but I have to, I'm like, I have to go and sit to your doctor.
You don't see your doctor.
I don't even know what feeling sick it's all.
I was like, don't listen to me.
There's nothing I have for you.
And I also haven't achieved anything.
Why should you look up to me in any way?
Like, it just, you don't, you know?
It's like, it doesn't, you just have to go and go
and just build what's, you know, true to you.
And then you're lucky if it has economic impact.
You're just lucky.
- I know, it's funny 'cause I have the same exact feeling
as you wear.
I used to give a lot more advice.
And then nowadays, I looked back in my career,
I'm like, this doesn't make any sense at all.
Like, I just did a bunch of random stuff
and one thing fell into the next thing.
And like, it kind of looks like it makes sense.
And then what I'm doing now is like super weird.
And I just can't imagine that advice working for anyone else
'cause it was just like a weird thing that worked for me.
So at this point, I'm just like,
I don't know what the world's like now.
I don't know what like getting a job is like now.
Like I don't, I just don't understand anything.
So I have such little advice for anyone.
I have like less advice now than I had five, 10 years ago.
- No, it's so funny.
It's that confidence that they're mid-week curve, right?
You just get to the other side of it and you're like,
yeah, I mean, all I know is like,
all you find with experience is that how little you know,
you just don't know anything.
Like you just have to be lucky.
Are people downplay 'cause it's uncomfortable?
It feels uncomfortable to just talk about luck.
But it's just luck.
My entire career changed 'cause like one saw one guy
get up tweeted. - Yeah, exactly.
- Frustration that they couldn't hire a database person.
So I just DM'd them.
I don't know why DM'd, my entire life changed.
Like everything.
There's two people that exist in the world,
my two children, that would not have existed if I send that.
But like seriously, like, you just can't plan it.
But if you go out there every day and work really hard,
'cause I will say one thing.
There's actually a true bit of advice is I'm not smart.
I'm not a smart person.
I'm by far the worst engineer that works at Planck's go, right?
But no one can, I will not let anyone out work for me.
You know, 'cause smart doesn't get you anywhere
without hard work.
And like people always say like luck has to catch you working
or whatever.
I firmly believe that.
You know, you just have to be doing anything and something
and like jump on it.
Like we are massive, because of metal,
a massive opportunity jumped in our lap this week.
We started already.
But yesterday we made that decision instantly.
We're doing the thing that we, you know,
I'll come back when we ship that one.
But like, it's massive, it's as big as metal.
And it was yesterday the opportunity showed up.
And now we're started.
We're just going.
We're just doing it.
That's what it takes.
It just takes like relentless drive
and moving all your chips into one place over and over again.
And then luck will kind of find you.
And other people that are all so lucky
that can create more luck will find you.
And you can just be there.
You just do stuff.
Just do things.
You can just do things is just so incredible.
And it's similar to like manifestation as well.
I certainly simultaneously believe it's dumb and completely
real at the same time.
No, it's true.
And I think as I've gotten older,
I've been like more into the stuff
that doesn't seem logical at all.
Just because I've just seen so much come out of stuff
that doesn't exactly make sense.
But it kind of does in ways that you wouldn't expect.
Yeah, the single decision thing is so crazy to me.
Because I think about it all the time.
And I think I get physically nauseous.
And I'm comfortable when I think about this.
My wife, who I met, because she came in for interview
and we ended up hiring her at the company that I was at.
Amazing.
And she tells me that she almost blew off the interview.
And I literally get like weak to my knees.
She like just like almost flippantly just was like,
this guy because she talked to the CEO of the company
who admittedly was kind of weird.
She was like, he seems weird.
Like maybe I was ball of interview.
And like every tiny aspect of my life today
that I absolutely love personal life, career, whatever.
Like can branches out from that one thing.
And just imagine her just like flippantly blowing it off
and being like none of my life would exist.
And I literally get like, I just can't handle that thought.
It's it's crazy.
So yeah, doesn't it build a sense of gratitude though?
Does it make you just feel so lucky to be like alive
and where you are?
And just it's just incredible.
We're just so lucky to get to do what we do.
Just even being in tech, I tweeted the other night.
Like, we're just so lucky to do what we do.
I mean, we just like, we wear sweatpants to work.
And I've never been wearing pants right now from being honest.
Exactly. It's great. Yeah. Just let it go free.
It's fine. Like you can. It just doesn't matter.
Like whatever.
And then like we just accidentally become like millionaires
doing it. It's like cool. Like that's good.
I mean, yeah, this cut this won't exist in a hundred years.
Didn't exist a hundred years ago, you know?
Yeah, it's wild.
It's like, yeah, your brain can't even really,
really understand it.
It's a, I think, just kind of beyond our understanding.
The other thing I wanted to talk real quick about was
just kind of going back to,
this is totally out of order because we totally moved
the topic now, but just kind of bring it back to
just like Plan scale from like a year ago.
When you guys made that decision,
so there's a few decisions you made.
You decided to shrink the team.
You also got rid of your free tier
to kind of focus more on mid and upmarket.
And it was really controversial.
There was like a lot of commentary about it,
specifically the free tier thing where people were like,
actually, I don't know, like what were some of the things
that you were really frustrated about
that you wish people understood differently?
I didn't think I was very frustrated at all.
I think the confidence at which people
just said things, you know, I look back.
I think the thing I got most wrong, I'll start there
because I can't just make it sound like I'm Teflon.
I won't take any of feedback or, you know,
won't let anything stick.
Like I did so many things wrong with that layoff.
One of them is the messaging.
I think it was very cold and in reflection.
I think the blog post was very cold.
I did it.
I sent it to my friends that happened
to have either founded successful companies
or just been CEOs or run a business or whatever.
And they read the post and they were like,
oh, yeah, they agreed with the decision
and sort of like, yeah, this is good.
You should just do this.
And I didn't really think about the kind of how it would
be read and conveyed.
And I think it came across very coldly as we're doing this.
And that's kind of a problem with me,
which is like, once I believe in a decision,
like I just go for it.
Like I just don't care about even if I said
the completely contradictory thing the day before,
it just doesn't matter.
And I believed in this so much that I just wanted to do it
and I did it.
And I think I hurt people and I don't feel good that I did that.
I think that's fair critique that it was kind of a cold way
to message something that had a real human impact.
But then you kind of just saw this wave of stupidity
that followed.
Like, you know, we put that we had a limited runway.
And then someone very famous with a very large audience
got on camera and said, how is that possible?
How can you have an infinite runway?
And you just think to yourself, when more money
goes into our bank every month that leaves,
what data am I supposed to choose
from when we're going to go out of business?
Like every venture-backed founder has a cashout date
in their head.
They know that at the current rate of burn,
without giant revenue inflection,
their bank account will go to zero.
Like, ask your venture-backed vendors
when their cashout date is.
They know, they report it every three months to their board.
We all run out of money.
If nothing else changes, a raise or a revenue inflection,
we'll run out of business.
So like, takes like that, you're just like, wow,
people are just hateful or stupid.
Like, that's more honest.
Like, you know, just help me, you know,
help me find the day we're just going to go bust
when we keep making more money.
Like, we ended the year with, like,
way more money in our bank than we modeled.
Like, millions of dollars more than we thought we would have
at the end of the year, we had it.
As thanks to I am for team cutting loads of clothesmen
and costume, whatever, we did a bunch of that.
But like, the point being is that takes like that were silly.
Astro were releasing a database product,
a week after we did the layoff.
And they were like, you know,
and this is where I thought it was really amusing.
'Cause it's like, well, you know,
you know, we kind of know what we're doing in databases.
Like, that was never in question.
You knew, people knew what we were doing.
We gone and just did something very drastic.
In my mind, that would have made me feel humble.
But instead, they were like, wow, like, you know,
amping it up and doing all this sort of stuff.
Turns out they were wrapping another database platform
that has lost data and shipped a product without backups,
lost customer data, and then gave data away
by having a bug that's literally impossible to do
on our platform where they just served other people
random databases.
- Yeah.
- Never unlive that, never undo that.
Not that we'd ever see companies like that
in a competitive sale, but when they have competitors,
just takes reminding people of that
and that's over.
Like, you know, they shipped that.
And you just think to yourself, like, the arrogance,
is unbelievable.
Like, you just see the level of arrogance
and how little they know about computers.
Like, they just don't understand them.
They just think it's just this simple thing.
And as long as you do some good marketing
and some little drawing on that, you know, it works.
And it just doesn't.
And so stuff like that was just like, okay, you'll see.
It was like that long game thing of like, yeah,
I got home that night and my wife looked at me
and she just burst into tears.
And she was like, I've just read
what everyone's saying to you on the internet.
And I thought it was hilarious, like, Sandick,
but like some really fun equipped, so some really good one.
I just thought it was really funny.
But yeah, like, people go at you and it's not comfortable
and you don't feel good.
And people remember it and whatever.
But then you watch, you watch the outages.
You watch, like, the data loss.
And you're just like, yeah, that's the long game.
We're just gonna keep building.
We're building metal, we're building this stuff.
You can all confidently yap.
But then do it.
Like, when we wake up at two in the morning
to, like, fix, figure out issues,
I know, like, they could have infinite money
and they couldn't fix these problems.
They literally could not.
And so, you just eventually stop caring.
But, you know, at the time you were just like,
wow, everyone is so wrong and they're so wrong about you.
And you want your, you want a fair trial
and you just can't get that in the court of public opinion
and it gets to you.
And people have said to me, why do you care?
I don't know, I do.
I just care.
- It's impossible not to.
I think it's easy when you're not in that situation
to be like, oh yeah, it's easy not to care.
But it's basically impossible not to.
- Yeah, 100%.
- Yeah.
- People ask me why I argue on Twitter.
It's like, well, I don't know.
I don't know, but I care.
Like, it matters, right?
And other people care.
Like, we started to now see more folks interacting
and kind of talking about the stuff they do at scale
and the realities of running in tech.
And you kind of realize, like, yeah,
there's this dormant group of folks
that do really amazing, interesting things.
And they kind of want to talk about it.
And we're hopefully,
hopefully uniting a revolution for these people to go
and actually talk about what it means
to go and do this stuff in reality.
And that's why, again, why I like your stuff
because you have this kind of like, you're not cynical.
You know, you have to build for an audience
that's young and modern and doing amazing stuff.
But you also just balance that with like,
it's still computers.
- Right.
Yeah, it's funny 'cause we actually reference
your guys' decision, a decent amount.
I just felt like it was so,
I think prior to you guys doing that,
I had a lot of doubts with my position.
Kind of what you were saying, right?
Like you think everyone else,
you think you must be crazy
'cause everyone else is doing things differently.
But forever, I was just like,
why is everyone obsessively going after this
indie hacker free tier type of persona?
Why is there a whole company oriented around that?
In my head, I was like, this,
I'm like trying to see it, I can't see it.
We, are we doing anything wrong?
And then to see you guys have captured that,
a good amount more than us,
and then be like, oh yeah, that's like not worth it at all.
Like that's actually a negative thing
and it's gonna like screw us
if we keep going around that and like go the other way.
That was like an important data point for us
'cause that was the first time we finally saw someone
in the space like show that that's,
that might actually be right.
Like everyone's kind of chasing the thing
that doesn't really make sense.
And then now oftentimes we see companies
that are like blowing up
like they're getting a bunch of usage or whatever.
And I just, the first thing we think about is like,
man, what does their support look like?
Like what are they just going through
complete hell right now?
'Cause they're getting like the dumbest people
that will never pay you, just eating up your time.
And we orient so much around how do we make sure that
we build as though those people can use us,
but like we're never in a situation
where we're stuck supporting them.
100%. That is literally, that is the essence of it.
All of these people that have got negative gross margins
because they just have tons of usage that will go nowhere.
Like it's like just why?
Like what, you don't need it.
Like you just, you're completely right.
Like I mean, this is what people are going to learn
over time, which is, you know,
and so many people have found, as I've said to me,
we're not doing a free tear because of you.
Like we just don't, we're just not bothering.
And I'm like, yeah, I think that'll be a good decision.
Or it won't.
There's tons of business I would start
where I would have a free tear.
Like there will be consumption-based infrastructure businesses
because how can you be serious about your company
if you can't spend $39 to buy the same database
that cashback has?
How can you not be serious?
How can you be serious?
Like seriously, just like we are giving you a sign up flow
that provably some of the greatest companies in the world,
tech companies in the world use,
money, businesses that just print money.
And you don't want to spend 39 bucks on that.
You're going to fail.
You failed already, this is a test for you,
and you have failed it.
Like, no, I'm serious.
It's just like, yeah, you just have to not care.
But again, it's going to take 10 years to prove that out.
It really will take 10 years.
And people always go like, wow, what about net new?
I mean, people are the largest customer
of one of these little Postgres startups
is migrating to us now.
They were told by that company,
you are a large customer.
That's why you're causing a struggle.
Yeah, it's like, it's a order of magnitude below, you know,
ACV even.
So it's one, if that's your large customer,
that's very bad.
Two, it's a hilariously small database.
It's like 100 gig of data.
Wow.
So it's just like, what's your fleet here doing for you?
That's the peak of your conversion is that.
Yeah, I think people have this funny thing
where they just put themselves in hell,
not realizing the point of starting a company
is to put yourself in a nice situation.
Like, it's going to be hard for some time,
but ideally you get to a place where it's like a nice situation.
You're happy with your life.
And this thing where your customers graduate out of you,
I never want to build anything where my customers graduate.
Because that just hell forever.
Because you're just like, you're finally making money,
you just want to make more money, oh, and they're gone.
And now you're like fighting this infinite battle.
Like, that's just not a fun place to be.
Like, why build anything that people will outgrow.
100%
And then you're stuck with the people that aren't paying you.
So it's just like, it's complete hell.
You're just UBI for Indian software development.
It's just like, you know, just like we were Ubering
to work for $5.
Oh my god, it was so good.
I put like $3 to go anywhere in Manhattan.
And it would take 40 minutes because of Uberful.
It was fine because I was in my 20s
and I had that much money, it was great.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, you know, GitHub office was just Prius
is just pulling up all morning.
Just just brilliant.
The same Saudi money is now just going as compute.
Right, exactly, for students to learn.
Like, those people are valid.
I love those people.
But I have a different type of business to build.
It's just the way it is.
And all of those ones that have got the hype
and the tweet in their user graph, tweet your revenue,
tweet your gross margins if you want to be impressive.
The user graph without the YX is always,
the YX is unlabeled.
Yeah, like it's like, hang on a second.
We showed up with my sequel in this world, right?
And like gained so much traction of like,
just, you know, at the party, there was like a guy
that, you know, he's building a really cool company,
new yarn.
I was like, is there any chance on earth you would be using?
And you'd be using Postgres, like,
if it wasn't for plant scale, right?
And he was like, oh, yeah, 100%.
And it was, you know, so we showed up with that.
You know, if the job, if all the job is,
is like $30 million on fire to make $2 million,
I mean, that's fucking easy.
I mean, I can do that.
I just buy mambos and give them a life for a third of the price.
I mean, if that's all they're doing,
like you see this hype in this, you see these user graphs.
It's like, yeah, like any, if that,
if the job is to light money on fire,
like to make no money, that's super easy.
And that's, that's the vanity of,
that's the vanity of tech Twitter, which is like,
you know, David Kramer who's run Sentry is hilarious as well.
You know, he puts it like, you know,
he's built a phenomenal business.
And he puts like 10 million ml.
Yeah, he removed that.
He removed that recently.
I wish he put it back because somebody didn't know who he was.
The other day and was being like,
oh, how much money have you ever made?
And I'm like, man, I wish he had that in his profile still,
but the tens of millions, MRI.
Yeah, just to generate like a phenomenal product
used by just thousands of amazing companies.
It's just like, just goes to work and does it, you know,
just like tech Twitter.
That's actually, if I do, I guess I'd buy this for anyone,
it's, it's all a mirage.
It's like, when the fucking ACH clears for millions of dollars
into your bank and all of your employees' bank accounts,
that's when you won.
Every minute until then is just a waste of time.
You know, like it's just thinking about anything
other than obsessively thinking about that.
Like, it's just air.
Yeah.
And at the end of the day, like,
there's a graveyard of dead companies that looked incredible.
Yeah.
All the way through and made,
and then there's these rocket ships that just slowly build.
Like, like, I always like remind people
that if you were a snowflake at the stage plant scale
is out right now, you'd be like, dead company.
Like, soon the flat revenue growth, two CEOs fired.
And then it's the long game.
And then they go off like a rocket.
It's just, you just can't tell.
And it just takes way, like, get up again.
Ripping hot company sold for an amazing, you know,
exit to Microsoft in year 13 or whatever.
Like, it's a long grind to go and do this.
And checkpointing today's Twitter op
at Texas in any form, form of indication of future
or success or failure is done.
And there's just so much reinforcement of this.
If you look at YC companies,
they were like the hot YC companies during demo day.
If you, like, analyze them,
it actually, like, were like the worst.
Like, you do, like, perform really badly.
So it's so hard to, again,
going back to, like, being able to get clarity.
It's like, that stuff just creates so much noise.
And the thing you were saying about
the free tier and $39.
That's the thing that was so fine to me,
because everyone was, like,
really upset that the free tier was gone.
And to me, and I was like,
the discussion, like, when I was talking about,
to the foreground, okay, the free tier is gone.
But, like, hold up, $39 a month is free.
Like, to me, that's like, that's free.
Like, that is free.
Like, how is that?
Like, we would never even think about that.
So it's just funny that there was so much debate over,
"Oh, the free tier is gone."
But, like, man, it's like, still just basically free.
- I wanted extra protein
with my sweet green salad the other day.
$28 for a salad.
(laughing)
If we found, like, it was fine.
I just watched, I watched to, like, out of the little trough,
just scoop the pre-allocated three ounces of chicken, right?
For six dollars.
I mean, you just think to yourself,
we could end thousands of businesses today
by fucking up, thousands of companies could just go, right?
Like, when CTOs of public companies sit you down and go,
"If we go bust, you go bust."
You're like, "Hmm, you have a $300 billion market."
That's a sobering realization.
And people don't want to pay $30,000 for it, yeah.
- Yeah, I know.
It doesn't necessarily sense what else.
- You're not serious.
Look yourself in the face and say,
"What else are you going to do?"
That's so, you know, like, it's just,
so that is the point of the free tier.
Like, you know, don't want to hate on hobbyists,
don't want, like, indie devs, whatever, do whatever you want.
But like, at the end of the day,
I have a viewpoint, they have a viewpoint.
I only care about mine.
- Yeah, yeah, and that's actually the tough part
about all this.
It's like, it's not exactly that they're wrong.
It's just that I don't want to,
I'm not interested in engaging,
like talking to you guys about your world.
Like, I want to talk in my world about the stuff
that I care about with other people
that are also in my world.
But when you're online, it's just like,
everyone just interjects into each other's stuff.
So yeah, like, the things that I'm doing
look ridiculous from your point of view,
but like, I'm not talking to you.
I'm not saying you should live like this.
I'm not saying you should do any of this stuff,
but it doesn't mean it doesn't make sense.
- Yeah, it's that famous hack and use comment to drop box.
- Right.
- You're just asking.
- Yeah. (laughs)
- Yeah, we've been on a,
we managed to do, between terminal and SST,
we've been on a hack and everything four times this past,
like, past year or so.
And I get so stressed every time it happens.
Like I used to, it used to be this thing where I'd be like,
man, I'd love to like, do something
that like, makes it on Hacker News.
And I have a feed I go through
with like, Hacker News and a bunch of other stuff.
I remember I was reading something,
I was reading an article and I was like,
man, this guy's getting roast in the comments.
I feel so bad for him,
'cause he's being misinterpreted, blah, blah, blah.
Like, I was reading that.
Then I swipe up to the next one
and it's one of our stuff and I'm like, fuck.
(laughs)
So now I'm just like, I want to be out there
but at the same time, I'm not too out there.
'Cause, yeah.
- Yeah, no, I know it's like, wait a minute.
Yeah, you're kind of too close to the fire.
Yeah, no, it's the same for us, which is like, yeah,
'cause good, it drives some traffic.
The comments are just crazy.
And then nothing changes.
You go back to doing whatever you do.
- Yeah, I know.
(laughs)
- It's just, I think it's normal.
- Is that, what's that mean?
Like, you know, is it like the title of creative,
like, cyberbullied?
Like, just close your laptop, bro.
Like, it's just like, that's it.
You just log it off at the end of the day, you know what I mean?
I was saying this the other day, I was like, there's so many companies
that don't, that can't do it.
Like, if you were honest with yourselves, like,
you just can't do the internet thing.
Like, it's not in your skill set.
You don't have to, you can just not do it.
I feel like so many companies do it and do it badly.
It's actually totally valid to like, opt out and not do it.
If you can still do a lot of things,
this isn't gonna be one of your channels, but whatever.
- Yeah, yeah, the whole like, hello fellow kids.
- It's just like, if you can't play, then it's only downside for you
if you jump into this male's dream.
- Yeah, you can just ignore it.
- Correct. - You can just completely ignore it.
- 100%. - 100%.
Well, unfortunately, I've got a day of customer calls to go and do,
so I'm gonna have to part ways and say, thank you again for having me on.
Obviously love's running toward me. - I appreciate you coming on.
- Adam, whatever you are dealing with right now, I hope that has gone well.
- I don't think it has, but I don't think I appreciate that one.
- Sending you love Adam.
But yeah, thanks for having me.
And just like, thanks for producing something that gives me a little value and delight everywhere.
- Yeah, congrats on the launch and, yeah, we'll flip our stuff over at some point
when I have a chance to look at it, but yeah, exciting for you guys.
- Yeah, you're in the, you're in the top tier of support, CEOs.
- Yes, yes, no, I talked about that a bunch.
- Yeah, whatever you need, whatever you need.
- Appreciate it. - Thanks everyone.
Thank you.
(upbeat music)